we are today for
discover the kobo glow the brand new
reader of the fnac which is tactile and
bright a thing that is part of
the family
kobo with copo touch and mini kobo
a reading light that has the big advantage
to be backlit and that allows
to have a reading comfort in
very dark environments have
completely black enough unpublished the kobo
glow retains the characteristics of
cobras with the ability to store
1400 books
you have 30 days of autonomy with this
device we will discover everything from
following and see a little bit of what's at
inside the case we see if the
reading the user manuals with
safety instructions and
certificates of conformity and the small
usb cable which obviously serves to
collect the e-reader on your
computer you can configure it in
wi fi or the connected to your computer
both are possible
there in this case we have already
configured the reading light and we'll see
right now
what are its advantages so you see
than compared to the mini cobo that we
you showed in a previous
video
the reading light is much greater c
is a reader that is connectable wifi
like other devices in the family
and you see that by acting
directly on the small button
superior
we go directly to the works
which is stored in the e-reader
so we'll see right away the
essential function of this reader
who and the lighting I was going to say in
hostile environment
in any case in environments that
are very dark or completely
black I will first light it and
show you immediately by pressing
on the small upper button
reading light and we see everything
right now
the huge advantage of this
functionality that and whatever
the environment to be able to read
correctly without any fatigue
visual kobo glow is a reader
very fast very fast we have
access
to the book extremely quickly we
have the opportunity
obviously by pressing the small
button on the bottom left to adjust
the light intensity like all
other readers of the family cobo he
just press the books that
you are interested and automatically
go on reading and then you see
that reading
is exactly with the same comfort and
the same quality of display as the
other family devices
we can navigate very easily
clicking on the right to advance
from one page to another and clicking on
the left to return to the pages
previous
obviously you have access to
French dictionaries
there are several software packages
synchronization the one delivered by
the kobo and other free software that
allow you to integrate a multitude
of book formats inside
your reader
that's the point of these tablets
open touch in which you
can download all kinds of
books in pdf format epub and others
html formats you can download
also comic books inside
kobo glow like the others
reading lights
you have a discovery function that
allow you to access
book suggestions that you can
easily and easily
clicking on the book you can have
a glimpse of the work that is you
proposed obviously if this book you
interested you have the faculty of
buy it from the home page
of the kobo ebook you can
directly search for books
among the sections that are you
you will find books
free different categories in
which you can do
research
similar books is recommended for
you look at your previous purchases of
playlists and a motor of
very comprehensive search
the kobo glow is the last
generation of reading lights that fnac
offers an easy-to- take reader
which weighs 185 g that you can
easily carried everywhere and who has
thirty days of autonomy including with
the backlight
see you soon for a
new demonstration